[docs] Document ASPIRE_DCP_USE_DEVELOPER_CERTIFICATE environment variable (#819)
microsoft/aspire.dev: src/frontend/src/content/docs/app-host/configuration.mdx

| Option                             | Default value | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| ---------------------------------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `ASPIRE_ALLOW_UNSECURED_TRANSPORT`       | `false`       | Allows communication with the AppHost without https. `ASPNETCORE_URLS` (dashboard address) and `ASPIRE_RESOURCE_SERVICE_ENDPOINT_URL` (AppHost resource service address) must be secured with HTTPS unless true. |
| `ASPIRE_CONTAINER_RUNTIME`               | `docker`      | Allows the user of alternative container runtimes for resources backed by containers. Possible values are `docker` (default) or `podman`.                                                                        |

> | `ASPIRE_DCP_USE_DEVELOPER_CERTIFICATE`   | `false`       | When set to `true`, Aspire uses the ASP.NET Core developer certificate to secure the internal DCP server instead of an ephemeral certificate generated by DCP. This can help avoid certificate trust issues when the dev cert is already trusted. If no trusted developer certificate is found, Aspire falls back to the DCP-generated ephemeral certificate. Only supported on Windows. For more information, see [Certificate configuration](/app-host/certificate-configuration/). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ASPIRE_DCP_USE_DEVELOPER_CERTIFICATE`   | `false`       | When set to `true`, Aspire uses its trusted developer certificate to secure the internal DCP server instead of an ephemeral certificate generated by DCP. This can help avoid certificate trust issues when the dev cert is already trusted. If no trusted developer certificate is found, Aspire falls back to the DCP-generated ephemeral certificate. Only supported on Windows. For more information, see [Certificate configuration](/app-host/certificate-configuration/). |
```
